1:
In AWS Trusted Advisor, which of the following options are included among the five categories being considered to analyze your AWS environment and provide the best practice recommendations? (Select TWO.)

Fault Tolerance ✅
Instance Usage
Infrastructure
Performance ✅
Storage Capacity

2:
Which of the following channels shares a collection of offerings to help you achieve specific business outcomes related to enterprise cloud adoption through paid engagements in several specialty practice areas?

AWS Professional Services ✅
AWS Enterprise Support
AWS Technical Account Manager
Concierge Support

3:
Which of the following options below is solely the responsibility of the customer in accordance with the AWS shared responsibility model?

Configuration Management
Patching of the host operating system
Service and Communications Protection (Zone Security) ✅
Awareness & Training

4:
Which of the following can you use to resolve the connection between your on-premises VPN and your Amazon VPC (Select TWO.)?

VPC Peering
Amazon Route 53 ✅
Egress-Only Internet Gateway
Virtual Private Gateway ✅
NAT Gateway

5:
An e-commerce company wants to migrate its on-premises infrastructure to AWS and ensure the migration is secure and efficient. Which AWS CAF perspective is most essential?

Security Perspective ✅
Governance Perspective
Platform Perspective
Operations Perspective

6:
A company has a hybrid cloud architecture. Which AWS services can you use to deploy a web application to servers running on-premises? (Select TWO.)

AWS Batch
AWS Systems Manager ✅
AWS CloudFormation
AWS CodeDeploy ✅
AWS Elastic Beanstalk

7:
A company needs to automate and accelerate the transfer of large datasets from its on-premises storage to Amazon S3 on a recurring basis.
Which AWS service should the company use?

AWS Direct Connect
AWS Transfer Family
AWS DataSync ✅
AWS Data Exchange

8:
A customer currently has a Basic support plan and is planning to use the Infrastructure Event Management, Well‑Architected Reviews, and Operations Reviews features in AWS.
What action should be taken to access these features in the most cost‑effective manner?

Upgrade to the Enterprise support plan ✅
Upgrade to Business support+ plan
Upgrade to Unified Operations plan
None since these features are already included in their Basic support plan

9:
Which of the following should be used to provide temporary AWS credentials for users who have been authenticated via social media logins, as well as for guest users who do not require any authentication?

AWS IAM Identity Center
AWS Security Hub
AWS AppSync
Amazon Cognito Identity Pool ✅

10:
A company has deployed AWS Transfer Family to handle file transfers and now requires a centralized, scalable, and durable file storage for its fleet of on‑premises servers that supports massive parallel access. Which of the following is the most appropriate solution to use?

Amazon Storage Gateway - File Gateway
Amazon S3
Amazon Redshift
Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) ✅


11:
Which of the following AWS well-architected pillars discusses the use of the right computing resources to meet demand levels even as the demand changes and technologies evolve?

Performance Efficiency ✅
Reliability
Operational Excellence
Cost Optimization


12:
Which of the following practices demonstrate operational excellence in AWS cloud? (Select TWO.)

Monitor Amazon EC2 metric consumption and adjust the instance type accordingly
Perform monthly game days on your AWS environment ✅
Deploy small, incremental changes to your production servers using AWS CodeDeploy ✅
Use serverless applications such as AWS Lambda
Launching your infrastructure manually via the Console

13:
An organization would like to boost productivity by improving business communication channels and customer service experience. Which of the following AWS applications would be suggested? (Select TWO.)

Amazon Workspaces
AWS Transfer Family
AWS Marketplace
Amazon Chime ✅
Amazon Connect ✅

14:
Which of the following services allows storing Docker images and orchestrating Docker containers in a simple and cost-effective manner? (Select TWO.)

Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) ✅
AWS Lambda
AWS Batch
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) ✅
AWS CodeBuild

15:
Which AWS service will allow you to serve your dynamic web content to users globally?

Amazon CloudFront ✅
Amazon Route 53
AWS Elastic Load Balancer
Amazon S3

16:
Which of the following does the Enterprise Support plan provide to customers in AWS? (Select TWO.)

Consultative reviews and guidance based on your applications. ✅
5-minute response time support if your business-critical system goes down
Limited access to the 7 Core Trusted Advisor checks
15-minute response time support if your production system goes down
Designated Technical Account Manager (TAM) ✅


17:
What is the cloud computing model for services like Amazon RDS and Amazon ECS, where AWS takes care of configuration management and the underlying infrastructure?
SaaS
IaaS 
FaaS
PaaS ✅

18:
A company wants to demonstrate incremental business value and gather insights during cloud adoption. Which AWS CAF phase includes these activities?
Scale
Align
Launch ✅
Envision 

19:
Which S3 storage class is cheapest for infrequently accessed, re-creatable data but still requires low latency and high throughput?
S3 One Zone-IA ✅
S3 Glacier Deep Archive
S3 Standard 
S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval

20:
Which AWS service is a fully managed continuous integration service that compiles code, runs tests, and produces deployable packages?
AWS CodeBuild ✅
AWS CodeArtifact
AWS CodePipeline
AWS CodeDeploy ❌

21:
Which AWS service connects VPCs and on-premises networks through a central hub?
AWS Direct Connect
Amazon VPC Peering ❌
AWS Transit Gateway ✅
AWS Client VPN

22:
Which feature is available in AWS Business Support+ plan?
Concierge Support Team
Technical Account Manager
AWS Well-Architected Reviews
Architecture Support ✅

23:
Which S3 storage classes have no retrieval charges? (Select TWO)
S3 Glacier Deep Archive
S3 Standard ✅
S3 One Zone-IA
S3 Standard-IA ❌
S3 Intelligent Tiering ✅

24:
Which services can you use to upload SSL certificates? (Select TWO)
AWS License Manager
AWS IAM ✅
AWS Systems Manager ❌
AWS Certificate Manager ✅
AWS KMS

25:
Which service is used to run complex analytic queries on large structured datasets?
Amazon Redshift ✅
Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon Neptune ❌
Amazon S3

26:
Which AWS services support building a serverless application with a key-value database? (Select TWO)
AWS Lambda ✅
Amazon SageMaker ❌
Amazon RDS
Amazon ECR
Amazon DynamoDB ✅

27:
Which AWS service allows you to create and control encryption keys for cryptographic operations?
AWS Systems Manager
AWS Resource Access Manager
AWS CloudHSM ❌
AWS KMS ✅

28:
What types of caching solutions are available in Amazon ElastiCache? (Select TWO)
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis ✅
Amazon ElastiCache for Apache Ignite ❌
Amazon ElastiCache for Apache Kafka
Amazon ElastiCache for Serverless
Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached ✅

29:
Which AWS service can be used as a centralized Windows File Server for multiple EC2 instances?
Amazon S3
Amazon EFS ❌
Amazon FSx ✅
Amazon EBS

30:
Which services allow querying data directly in Amazon S3? (Select TWO)
Amazon Redshift Spectrum ✅
Amazon MQ
Amazon Neptune
Amazon ElastiCache ❌
Amazon Athena ✅

31:
Which AWS service coordinates distributed applications using visual workflows?
AWS Batch
Amazon API Gateway
AWS Step Functions ✅
Amazon Rekognition ❌

32:
Which service provides a single-tenant hardware security module with full control over encryption keys?
Amazon GuardDuty
AWS KMS ❌
Amazon S3
AWS CloudHSM ✅

33:
Which services connect on-premises environments to AWS? (Select TWO)
AWS Directory Service
Amazon Connect
AWS Direct Connect ✅
AWS Transit Gateway ❌
AWS Site-to-Site VPN ✅

